# Flight-Search-System

AIM: To implement ADJACENCY LIST for entering the cities as input and creating a database and BFS (BREADTH FIRST SEARCH) on searching a direct flight connection between two cities in the database and to find the shortest path between the two cities.

ABSTRACT:
 This application is based on the fight searching system between two cities in the country. Cities are added in this project using an adjacency list and the whole database is created based on the input given as the names of the cities. From this database, we are going to find whether there is direct flight connection between two cities. The program is designed in such a way that the output will show us whether there is a direct flight connection between two cities from database. If there is a connection between two cities entered from the database, output of the program will display that there is a connection between the cities as entered. In the case when there is no connection between two cities entered from the database, the program is designed to show the shortest path to destination from the source as the output. In designing this application, we will be using techniques based on BREADTH FIRST SEARCH and linear search to search the cities in the database.

APPLICABILITY:
This Application can be used for many cities of India to show whether there is a direct flight connection between two cities because online flight booking sites like goibibo, make my trip etc. are designed   to show to whether direct flights are available between the entered cities from the database and correspondingly booking the tickets but they are not showing the solution when there is no direct flight connection. Sometimes, the websites show transit flights between two cities. What if there is no connection. So, people by themselves need to know the nearest airport that will take them to the destination and book different flights and change flights between source and application. So our application will solve this problem and will provide the user the shortest path that he or she can take to reach the destination. 
